[docs] Update "how to release" doc (#1700)
apache/iceberg-python: mkdocs/docs/how-to-release.md

## Requirements

* A GPG key must be registered and published in the [Apache Iceberg KEYS file](https://downloads.apache.org/iceberg/KEYS). Follow [the instructions for setting up a GPG key and uploading it to the KEYS file]
(#set-up-gpg-key-and-upload-to-apache-iceberg-keys-file).

>     * Permission to update the `KEYS` artifact in the [Apache release distribution](https://dist.apache.org/repos/dist/release/iceberg/) (requires Apache PMC access).

Reviewer: ```suggestion
    * Permission to update the `KEYS` artifact in the [Apache release distribution](https://dist.apache.org/repos/dist/release/iceberg/) (requires Iceberg PMC privileges).
```

echo "" >> KEYS # append a newline
gpg --list-sigs <YOUR KEY ID HERE> >> KEYS # append signatures
gpg --armor --export <YOUR KEY ID HERE> >> KEYS # append public key block

> svn commit -m "add key for <YOUR NAME HERE>" # this requires Apache PMC access

Reviewer: ```suggestion
svn commit -m "add key for <YOUR NAME HERE>" # this requires Iceberg PMC privileges
```

```

<!-- prettier-ignore-start -->

!!! note

>     Updating the `KEYS` artifact in the `release/` distribution requires Apache PMC access. Please work with a PMC member to update the file.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
    Updating the `KEYS` artifact in the `release/` distribution requires Iceberg PMC privileges. Please work with a PMC member to update the file.
```
